fix(helmv3): support for private repositories and registries in lock files (#13726)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/manager/helmv3/readme.md

If your Helm charts make use of repository Aliases then you will need to configure an `aliases` object in your config to tell Renovate where to look for them.

If you need to change the versioning format, read the [versioning](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/versioning/) documentation to learn more.

### Private repositories and registries

> To use private sources of Helm charts, HostRules have to be defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use private sources of Helm charts, you must set the password and username you use to authenticate to the private source.
For this you use a custom `hostRules` array.
```

How about (something like) this?
I think this also explains _why_ you need the custom `hostRules`. 😉
